task 4.1.. list out the feature of html 5?
there are several feature in html which are added after in html5:
1.audio and video tag: Audio and Video tags are the two major addition to HTML5. 
It allows developers to embed a video or audio on their website.
 2.HTML5 uses semantics instead of  div tag: these semantics tags help in many
  ways like it provides.
        1.accessability.
        2.S.E.O (Search Engine Optimization).
        3.maintainability.
   to the websites. there are som semantics which are given below:

   1.header:
    in this container tag we write the content which browser will
   render top  most of the web page.
   what is written in the header tag the browser will know what to load it first.

   2.footer tag:
    in this container tag we write the content which browser will
   render least most of the web page.
   what is written in the header tag the browser will know what to load it 
   at last.
   in his tag we write mainly about copy right, about us,contact us etc.

   3.Figure and Figcaption:
     HTML5 allows to use a <figure> element to mark up a photo in a document,
      and a <figcaption> element to define a caption for the photo. 
      The <figcaption> tag defines a caption for a <figure> element.

    4.Nav tag:
     The <nav> tag defines a set of navigation links.
      It is used for the part of an internet site that links to different 
      pages at the website.

    5.section Tag:
     This tag is used to split a page into sections like Introduction,
      Contact Information, Details, etc and each of these sections can 
      be in a different section tag.

     6.article tag: 
     article tag can be placed inside the section tag. But each of the
     articles will contain independent content.

task 4.2..what atr HTML entities? list out 5 commonly used entities.

>HTML entities are character that are not present in our keyboard.
An HTML entity is used to display invisible characters.
like copyright mark.
there are some html entities listed below:
    1.&nbsp; - non-breaking space
    2.&lt; - less than sign
    3.&gt; - greater than sign
    4.&copy;-copyright
    5.&reg;-register trademark
    6.&euro;-euro mark
    7.&yen;-yen mark
    8.&pound;-pound mark

task 4.3..define accessbility in the context of web development . discuss why it is
essential to create accessiable website and how it benefits different users
group?
>Accessibility:
Web accessibility is the practice of making websites usable for all visitors
 including those who are with disabilities, impairments, and limitations.

essential to create accessiable website:
 it is essential to create accessible website because as an engineer it is our
 moral responsibility to not to think only about a single class of people .
 there are some class of people with disabilities , acording to such people 
 we need to add some addition feature to the websites so that they are also 
 able to use it. which also leads to reach our web sites to wider audience. 

how it will benefits different user group:
there are different group of people ,providing accessibility help them alot:
    1.people with vision disabilities-->we can help them by maintaining contrast,
      brightness, fontsize using different attributs like placeholder etc.
    2.people with hearing disabilities: using important article and headings 
     also in audio format in web pages.

task 4.4..list any three ways whics help us improving the accessability?
>there arte several by which we can increase our web accessiable some of them
are given below:
    1.Use Semantic HTML: 
    using semantic html tag helps to understand the structure of web page in
    proper way. it also provides Search engine Optimization.
    2.using alternative text with images:
    using alternative text with images helps the people who are visually
    impaired.
    3.Make Forms Accessible:
    there are several atrributes with html 5 using with we can make our Forms
    more accessible to the peoples having some kind of disabilities:
       - Provide clear labels for form inputs and providing appropriate id to
         both input and labels tag.
       -Provide clear labels for form inputs.
       -using ARIA attributes.
    





     